# Final Reflections

### Cole

I learned a lot about the importance of understanding and planning user journeys, and how crucial it is to communicate this clearly and develop a shared understanding within the group about how to approach the front end. We received the most feedback from a user and our TA regarding the user journey, especially the naming and functionality of the frontend. This led to a night and day difference in feedback before and after we discussed these issues and created new frontend components.

I also saw the benefit of having clearly defined and distinct concepts well specified at the start of implementation. As we made frontend changes, we were able to iterate and test rapidly since the backend components were distinct and well defined. Compared to my experience on the first project, I was much more able to quickly and efficiently modify both frontend and backend components after conceptualizing the main components of our backend as concepts, distinct from the frontend pages.

Additionally, I learned a lot about the ethics of implementing projects using other people's data. It is a complex area with no firm rules, and the compromises and discussions around how to do this responsibly are thought-provoking. I realized that one of the main impediments to implementing your ideas is having an innate knowledge of the moral reasoning and norms in an area and making sure what you are doing fits within them.

### Ivy

During this project, I focused on backend development and also worked on the frontend to fix bugs and implement small features. This project has been a meaningful learning experience for me, both technically and collaboratively. One of the lessons I learned was understanding how essential iteration is in any coding project. Ideas rarely stay the same and features that seemed straightforward in the beginning ended up be changed as we continued to work on the project. Some concepts had to be rethought through once we implemented more of the website and noticed missing functionalities. Feedback from user testing and mentor meetings also played a large role in shaping our final product. They showed us issues we hadn’t noticed or hadn't considered, and allowed us to create a more intuitive app.

Working as part of a team also taught me the importance of communication, task splitting, and integrating code. A large portion of my time went into debugging and trying to make different pieces of the project fit together smoothly, which reinforced the value of clean code and clear documentation. I also spent time hosting the external AI service we used, txtai. Running into issues with Render made me explore other hosting platforms, which helped me better understand the deployment process and the trade-offs of different hosting environments.

### Jing

For this project, I focused on frontend development and I had to initialize the first prototype of the frontend. Initializing the frontend requires understanding all backend concepts to be able to pull it together, and along the way, get a real feel of what is the ideal user journey we want for our users. It was really hard in the beginning to get a working frontend prototype that has all the backend concepts functioning and syncing with each other. I enjoyed testing out bugs we wouldn't realize if concepts never had to interact with each other, but the challenge is still there, and only realized the importance of shared vision on data structure among the backend concepts as I was trying to call backend functions. It was really difficult to understand which variable in this concept is equivalent to the other variable in the other concept even when sync.ts files are provided, because MongoDB ids for those data structures add on to the confusion on syncing data between collections. Overall the challenges of this project taught me what are some good practices one should use in the industry when collaborating with others on full-stack applications.

### Jenna
Working on this final project was honestly really challenging but also super rewarding. I feel like I truly learned so much (kind of forcefully) in such a short amount of time, especially during those cram-weeks before deadlines. I got really familiar with Deno, MongoDB, Vue, and especially txtai and Render. My main responsibility for this project was building the semantic search feature, and since our team picked txtai early on, I ended up becoming pretty familiar with it. But I'm glad I did because it's a very useful framework to know, even though it really tested my sanity a few times.

Deploying txtai, in particular, was a super frustrating experience to say the least. I could probably write an entire essay just on that alone, but to keep it short, it would work perfectly fine after deployment, and then randomly stop working even though on Render it still stated "deployed" and had no logs recording the shutting down of service. Even with help from Render-expert Eagon, we couldn't figure it out. In the end, I just paid for the $9 Render subscription to save both myself and my teammates from even more headache. The paid plan stops the service from going cold after inactivity, which finally made out txtai and backend setup work consistently (at least as I'm writing this...).

Overall, I really enjoyed working with this team. Everyone was super responsible, responsive, and just easy to work with. I also really liked our project idea, and I think the things we learned in this project are going to be useful far beyond the class.
