## Logistics
- Date: 12/2/2025
- Time: 6:00-7:00pm
- Location: Zoom

## Agenda
- Discuss standardizing data structures
- Deploying updated branch with semantic search integrated to frontend
- Discuss what other issues each member is facing
- Make sure every member understands what their tasks are for beta checkpoint submission

## Progress Report
Every group member slowed down on work throughout the holiday weekend but work is now picking back up. Semantic search is now intregrated into frontend, but it's currently not on deployed branch.

## Design Changes
All of the following Alpha checkpoint concepts are currently working in front and backend:

| Phase                | Backend Lead    | Frontend Lead | Focused Concept(s)                 |
|----------------------|----------------|---------------|-------------------------------------|
| Alpha 1 (Network)    | Ivy            | Jing          | PublicProfile, MultiSourceNetwork   |
| Alpha 2 (Search)     | Jenna          | Jing          | SemanticSearch                      |
| Alpha 3 (Importing)  | Cole Ruehle    | Jing          | MultiSourceNetwork (import flows)   |

We will try to work on as much of the following as possible for Beta submission:

| Phase                | Backend Lead    | Frontend Lead | Focused Concept(s)                 |
|----------------------|----------------|---------------|-------------------------------------|
| Beta (Graph display)    | Cole Ruehle          | Jing          | GraphExplorer, Final Integration    |
| Beta (Viz/Polish)    | Cole, Ivy, Jenna          | Jing          | GraphExplorer, Final Integration    |
| Beta (Syncs)    | Cole, Jenna, Ivy          | Jing          | Final Integration    |
| Beta (Public Networks)    |  Ivy          | Jing          | Final Integration    |
| Beta (Bug Fixing and Improvements)    |  Cole, Jenna, Ivy          | Jing          | Final Integration    |

## Issues
- Data structures not standardized.

## Plans & Decisions
- Deadline extended to Thursday, 12/4.
- Make sure to explicitly note which parts Erin should grade.
- Make sure specs are one-to-one with concepts.
- Erin's friend's similar project for reference: https://www.andrew-yuan.com/work/amity
- Next meeting is next Monday 12/8 at 3PM in 1-190.
